
Greetings,

We are happy to announce an alpha release of the 68HC11 port of the gnu gcc
compiler version 2.3.3 done by Coactive Aesthetics.  In keeping with the
spirit (and law ;-) of the FSF philosophy we are distributing this software
free of charge.

As indicated by the fact that this is an alpha release, it is not
functionally complete.  The current version of gcc for the 68HC11 has the
following caveats:

    (1) There is no floating point support.  Using floating point in your
	program will cause the compiler to crash.  If you get an internal
	compiler error when compiling your program the first thing to check
	is if you are using floating point.

    (2) Currently all longs are TWO bytes.  This will likely change with
	future versions.

    (3) Since we are currently using the free Motorola assembler there is no
	linker with this version of the compiler.  This will change when GAS
	is ported to the 68HC11.

Even with the above, you can use the compiler and the Motorola assembler to
compile C and C++ source modules, and generate S19 records that can be down
loaded and executed on a microcontroller board.

The port was written using the GCB11 Network Microcontroller board that is
manufactured by Coactive Aesthetics.  However, there is no assumptions and/or
hardcode values within the compiler which would prevent the compiler from
working on any 68HC11 board. More details on the can be found in the README
file that is part of the distribution.

The source for the 68HC11 specific files (for both a Unix and a PC port) can
be found at /pub/coactive/gcc-6811-alpha.tar.Z on netcom.com.  You should
also get the original distribution for gcc-2.3.3 from your favorite archive
site.

Please send any porting comments/questions to otto@coactive.com.  Bug
reports and questions relating to using the compiler should be sent to
gcc@coactive.com (if sent to me, they will go to /dev/null!).

Thanks,

Otto

--
Otto Lind                  Coactive Aesthetics
otto@coactive.com          P.O. Box 425967, San Francisco, CA 94142
netcom!coactive!otto       voice:(415)626-5152    fax:(415)626-6320
