              CAS: The Free Full-Featured 8051 Assembler

This is an experimental public domain one-pass assembler for the 8051
processor that uses skip lists for its symbol table.  The source can be
compiled on any system with an ANSI-C compiler (and sufficient memory), and
DOS executables are provided.  You will find the software at the FTP site
csd4.csd.uwm.edu in /pub/8051/assem.  The pub/8051 directory holds an archive
of 8051 related software, you may also want to browse around to see what's
there.

This is a 1-pass assembler for the MCS-51 family of microprocessors with the
following features:

         (1) Seperately assembleable files.
             There are two stages of assembly:
             (a) Pass 1: Creation of object files
             (b) Pass 1 1/3: Linking of object files
         (2) Relative addressing
         (3) Unnamed segments
         (4) Conditional assembly
             With a C-like syntax, e.g.
                if (Condition) {
                   Assembly instructions...
                } else {
                   Assembly instructions...
                }
         (5) Multiple statements per line with C-like syntax.
         (6) C-like expression syntax.
         (7) Command-line options similar to those of the UNIX C compiler.
             Compatible with UNIX's make.
         (8) An extensive archive of real-life assembly language programs,
             including a multi-tasking library.

Plus, if you don't want to learn all the elaborate ins and outs of this
tool right away, it is just as easy to use the first time out as any
minimal assembler.  Read the start-up notes for details. Also, take a look at
the sample 8051 program provided in the subdirectory 8051/assem/data,
particularily the makefile.

CAS has been tested and verified against all the software contained in the rest
of the 8051 archive.

With enough demand and support, I may add in the following features in
future versions of this assembler:
         (9) More compatibility between the 8051 disassembler and assembler.
        (10) A powerful macro facility, to allow significant customizations
             on the 8051 language.
        (11) The ability to include "Pre-assembled" macros.

This is probably the most elaborate 8051 assembler you will find anywhere
in the public domain.  It's yours with the source for free.

Be on the lookout for future software developments...
