      MPC Code Development System Interactive Demonstration Disk
      ----------------------------------------------------------

      Thank you for your interest in our MPC Code Development System,
      the first C compiler for the Microchip PIC16/17Cxx family of
      microprocessors.  This is a fully-functional demonstration version
      of the actual MPC Code Development System.  More than a "slide
      show" demo, this demonstration lets you see for yourself the power
      and versatility of the MPC Code Development System.

      Take a few minutes to try the samples we have included or run
      some small ones of your own.  By comparing the code to an example
      of your output you will experience the speed of the
      optimizations.

      Feel free to make copies of this demo diskette for anyone else
      who is interested in using single-chip microprocessors.  Please
      keep all of the files on the demonstration diskette together.

      The demo includes a complete C compiler with the same powerful
      features you will find in the MPC itself with a few minor
      limitations:

         - Built in macro cross-assembler.
         - Integrated Development Environment (IDE), linking shell.
         - Expert system optimizations.
         - Consistency checks between target and source code.

         - Listing files are generated with a .LST extension.
         - The demonstration compiler is restricted to generating
           code for the first 0x100 bytes of the address space.
         - The demonstration disk does not produce code or object files.
         - The demo MPC compiler generates code only for 16-bit processors.

      The Integrated Development Environment (IDE) is also included on
      this disk.  The IDE runs the MPC compiler, lets you view the
      listing file, and lets you edit your source program, or run your
      favorite programs and utilities.
      Please note, the demonstration version of the IDE also has some
      restrictions:

         - The Assemble / Compile menu option will only run MPC.EXE.
         - New programs cannot be added to the IDE menu.
         - The editor is configured to use WordStar-like commands.

      Several example source programs are included on the disk.  These
      are in the files with a .C extension.

      Installing and Running The MPC Demo
      -----------------------------------

      1.  Create a new directory for the demo and change to it.
          eg:
               md \MPCDEMO
               cd \MPCDEMO

      2.  Copy all files on the distribution disk to that directory.
          You will need about 500K of disk space.
          eg:
               copy a:\*.*

      3.  Start the demo by running the IDE.
          eg:
              ide

      4.  Select Assemble/Compile from the IDE Main Menu to compile a
          test program.  Press Enter when prompted for a source file and
          select one of the test programs from the distribution disk.

      Ordering Information
      --------------------

      If you have comments or questions about the MPC Code Development System,
      or to place your order, please contact:

	Byte Craft Limited
	421 King Street North
	Waterloo, Ontario
	Canada N2J 4E4
	(519) 888-6911
	FAX (519) 746-6751

      BYTE CRAFT LIMITED 

